* Miller Puckette's native tutorial patches from Pd
** overview

Um, +This isn't very helpful+ this could be more helpful.

** problems with buffer naming and audio computation startup
*** error reporting
**** original raw
warning: array1: multiply defined
array1: number of points (155948) not a power of 2 plus three
warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: array1: multiply defined
warning: dbtorms: multiply defined
warning: E03-table: multiply defined
warning: E03-table: multiply defined
warning: bell-curve: multiply defined
warning: bell-curve: multiply defined
warning: pulse-output: multiply defined
warning: pulse-output: multiply defined
warning: E03-table: multiply defined
warning: E03-table: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: dbtorms: multiply defined
warning: dbtorms: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: read-pt: multiply defined
warning: read-pt: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: read-pt: multiply defined
warning: read-pt: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
**** editing and organizing error messages
warning: array1: multiply defined
array1: number of points (155948) not a power of 2 plus three
warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined

warning: array1: multiply defined
warning: dbtorms: multiply defined

warning: E03-table: multiply defined
warning: E03-table: multiply defined

warning: bell-curve: multiply defined
warning: bell-curve: multiply defined

warning: pulse-output: multiply defined
warning: pulse-output: multiply defined

warning: E03-table: multiply defined
warning: E03-table: multiply defined

warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined
warning: sample1: multiply defined

warning: mtof: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined

warning: dbtorms: multiply defined
warning: dbtorms: multiply defined
warning: mtof: multiply defined

warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined

warning: read-pt: multiply defined
warning: read-pt: multiply defined

warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined

warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined
warning: phase2: multiply defined

warning: read-pt: multiply defined
warning: read-pt: multiply defined

warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined
warning: phase: multiply defined



* basic .pd text blocks
#N canvas 686 507 450 300 10;
#X text 59 73 comment;
#X obj 221 82 intro;
#X obj 36 115 A00.intro;

#N canvas 206 304 424 366 10;
#X obj 2 3 A00.intro;

#X obj 22 3 A01.sinewave


#X obj 120 3 B04.tabread4.interpolation.pd
